And this step.
Don't you just lift the lid?
I knew it was empty today
Banquet without congratulations
Unintentional
You just wait to be punished by the emperor
He's not really ready for anything, is he?
It's really a country man with no manners at all
Maybe.
Or are you jealous that the Concubine Side is deliberately ignored?
Say it, he was married by the prince
Report to the emperor
The courtiers and daughters raped each other
No jewelry and silver
Ha ha.
But Chen Nv believes that compared to running a financial business
My sister would prefer poetry
Really?
Then let me listen to the poems you wrote
It just so happens that the prince and the prince are flying sideways and are about to arrive
Let them listen by the way
This fool
Dare to say anything
He hasn't read a few books
Can write poetry